Little beauty, go with your brother obediently
Uncle, I knew you would protect me
How did the people from the Demon Sect know we were there?
Ah, I remember now.
This seems to be the property of the Demon Sect
No wonder they let us in.
Hmm
Where is the sect master of the Buddha and Demon Sect?
Stinky beggar
Lord Sovereign holds a wedding banquet in Elysium Temple
After the wedding reception
It will summon the four major sects of the world to emerge from the Qing Dynasty
Taping Shu Mountain
Isn't the sect master of the Demon Sect an old man?
And this conscience
Interesting
Well, he's my fiancé
Be polite
Even if others are moved
Too many villains are offended.
Tell it to go
Do a good job of security
Don't let Shushan people come and make trouble
And don't reveal my identity
If I let my uncle know that I am the devil
Princess words
I'm so miserable